Kali Linux Training by Offensive Security

Founded in 2007, the penetration testing and information security training company Offensive Security was born out of 
the belief that the best way to achieve sound defensive security is through an offensive approach. The team is made 
up of security professionals with extensive experience with attacking systems to see how they respond. They share this 	
information through information security trainings, free penetration testing tools, and security publications.		
Penetration Testing with Kali Linux											
															
Penetration Testing with Kali LinuxPenetration Testing with Kali Linux is the Offensive Security flagship ethical 	
hacking course, designed and written by the Kali Linux developers. With years of experience in penetration testing, 	
security research, tool development, and international Black Hat trainings, we have the experience and passion to teach 
you all about penetration testing. Penetration Testing with Kali Linux is also the only official security course 	
revolving around the Kali Linux distribution.										
															
Unlike most security training programs and certifications, Penetration Testing with Kali Linux is a performance based 	
online course. Our certification process does not involve easy to remember multiple choice questions, but rather hands 	
on penetration testing of live machines in a controlled, monitored lab environment. This makes the OSCP certification 	
one of the hardest, and most sought after, professional certifications in the field.					
Sign up for an Offensive Security course										
Become a penetration tester. Register for an Offensive Security course today and join the ever growing family of 	
skilled and certified professionals. Are you ready to try harder?							
REGISTER														
Penetration Testing & Information Security Training									
															
With the motto “Try Harder ®”, the Company’s trainings and Information security certifications are well-respected and 	
considered amongst the most rigorous available, creating a model adopted across the industry. In addition, the Exploit 	
Database, Metasploit Unleashed, and BackTrack Linux community projects are highly-regarded and used by security teams 	
in governmental and commercial organizations across the world. Looking for advanced Penetration Testing Services? Try 	
Offensive Security.													
 The strong technical foundation of the Offensive Security training content, coupled with a rigorous testing process 	
has established the OSCP certification as the most relevant education in the pen-testing space. Accuvant LABS requires 	
any prospective consultants to pass the OSCP exam before applying to our attack and penetration testing team. 		
AccuvantVP of the Attack and Penetration Testing Team									